Thank you.
I've got it together.
It's over there.
Oh.
... ... ... ...
Oh, my Lord.
And it's in us on the trail.
Do you want to have it all?
A great selection and great savings right nearby?
Then don't miss the coupon sale at Cherry and Webb.
Not only do you save on clothes, shoes, and accessories, the choice is yours.
off all Mrs. Junior and Deceit sportswear and sweaters.
30% off Mrs. Junior and Deceit dresses, coats, and accessories.
Shoes, caves, and intimates.
Buy one, get one.
It's 50% off.
So if you want it all, come in for coupon savings through Sunday.
Because the best names in fashion are as close as Sherry and Webb.
20% off all Wonder Bros.
P.S.
over 29th at Cherry and Road.
.
The only Halloween party store you'll ever need in Seekonk and Warwick.
Basic necessities next to food.
And now you can earn points toward great locations every time you shop for food or anything else with the Stop & Shop Super Rewards MasterCard.
Every time you use it for purchases, wherever you use it, you'll earn points that you can use for vacation discounts, plane tickets, even cruising.
And when you use your Super Rewards MasterCard at Stop & Shop, you'll earn double points.
So watch your mail for an application or pick one up at Stop & Shop.
Can you break a 22 for the tolls?
They're going nuts.
I don't know why they should get nuts.
Have you ever seen my book?
Huh?
No.
My book, I've seen it.
It's a copy of my book.
Very good.
So who designed the couple?
I picked the art, but this woman here, Raquel Camarillo.
You know what?
No, no, it's just being a publisher, that's all of that.
What's your picture?
That's her picture.
Oh, it's her picture.
Well, that's your picture.
Okay, I thought it was someone else's picture.
You heard your name.
That's a mess.
I'll figure out my picture.
People who are mad about this.
Oh, it's a story.
Yeah, I agree.
It took me eight years to write this, sucker.
The good news is, see, the good news is... $35?
$49?
The first two numbers have been taken out, which means the first two are sold out.
More and more.
The second printing was 11,000, and now the third is 18,000.
It's just a $35,000.
Nice, huh?
I got picked up by the Book of the Month Club.
The Book of the Month Club is not like to be a lot of things, right?
Yeah, but they got a million members.
My book will be in a million catalogs.
You can order it.
When you move that off-graft, it's like roadie meat.
You have to sell a lot of books to make money, you know?
It's called an advance, and that's an advance on earnings.
So what an advance means is to basically advance you X amount of dollars, which you agree upon.
In my case, it was done in a couple of days, because I really had a very small advance.
So I made the nut back.
No, I don't even get paid to April.
They pay you once every nine months.
Semi-annually, my first, I don't get it.
I won't see a nickel until April of 96.
It sucks.
But that's life.
Well, yeah, but... They use the money.
Now they want to sell me, they want me to, huh?
Now they want me to write another book.
The idea is to get an advance this year.
That may be so, but you tend to make more money in the second book.
Thank you.
Oh, my God.
and a system movement from Somata by Tom Cesar Abel, who is more known by the network for the government of Elson and Elson.
Laura has believed that it just came out this year to be the first solo album on a TV in which she has switched the programming between Abel and Elson.
This is the house of glory and the essential salvation of each other in the world.
What other words?
Yes.
It gives you a feeling that, you know, when you're looking to a large scale of people, and some others, you also know, a single movement.
So, you know, there's a lot of work, and you can see an afternoon, a lot of work, and I can see, on the latest one, the whole flexion of the blades.
You can just tremble people.
And, you know, it gives me that
And that's really, on that, there's a lot of people who don't say over the future, I mean, there's a lot of people who don't say over the future, I mean, there's a lot of people who don't say over the future, I mean, there's a lot of people who don't say over the future, I mean, there's a lot of people who don't say over the future, I mean, there's a lot of people who don't say over the future, I mean, there's a lot of people who don't say over the future, I mean, there's a lot of people who don't say over the future,
And you've had a record very long time yet when this case was supposed to take a sonata by the mass people from the movement from the people.
THE END
Thank you.
Oh, my God.
Oh, no.
The End
THE END
Oh, no.
The End
Murray Pariah was leading the English Chamber Orchestra from the first piano, Rattal du Poulet II, and that was Mozart's Piano Concerto No.
10, The Two Pianos.
Here at Cafe 102.5 from WCW.
Hans Holliger and an oboe concerto by Albinoni.
A few moments first, here is today's 102.5 WCW concert chapter.
Tonight, 8 o'clock, along with each chamber of orchestras, featured music by Shanti Kovic and Richard Strauss, and a free concert at the Bicken Council Hall in Garden Street in Cambridge.
And Saturday night, Nick Smith is going to be playing the Willow Church Theatre Pipe Organ at Samson College in Wellesley.
And Sunday afternoon, the three big day for us.
The Civic Symphony of Boston is going to be performing a salute to the WCLA class at the top 40 in the Fine Arts Center at Regis College in Winston.
And WCLA's Laura Carroll will be there as the host.
On that program, by the way, will continue with 40s on both sides.
And four seasons by the Valley, in addition to a few other groups.
And that is our 102.5 WTRB Concert Capsule, helping to keep you on track.
I'm John Chester.
Something else to mention, too, in the Concert Capsule, I've included.
That is, of course, our top four hits on the way at 7.550.
Here's High Polyger and Maurice Moore, playing their oboes with the concerto at Chief Lane, indeed, by Samasa Albinone, from Campway 102.5 on WTRB.
Oh, no.
Let's go.
Oh, my God.
THE END
Come on.
Oh, my God.
Our next conductor, we have just in a few moments, starting with two of the 20th century's greatest composers, Bartzoff and Kodai, and also with two of the 20th century's greatest conductors, Karina Walter and Jerox Hopkins.
Supply Delzell Volvo now for great savings on a large collection of 1995 Volvos and Delzell exclusive free income.
It's time you own the Volvo from Delzell Volvo, Group 1 Delo.
From foot and foot, the Academy Award-winning screenwriter, Tanya Murphy, to Bill Markenberg and the Christopher Bountiful, comes the 1995-2025-year play, The Young Males of Life.
The Hunter Computer Company is proud to present its compassionate portrayal of the 1932 family, following the reality of life, as long as leaps and shatter, and so many people can reveal.
... ... ... ... ...
Call 7266-0800.
That's 266-0800.
Or Ticketmaster at 931-ARCS.
Call today.
Pizza is as much of a delicacy as any dish we make in paparazzi.
That's Joe Simone.
Does he have a tough job?
He's the executive chef of paparazzi, and he just spent three months working and eating in all the great restaurants of Italy.
Take the bellendonic pizza.
Roasted eggplant on top of marinated Roman tomatoes covered with
All of our pizzas are baked in wood burning ovens.
Fresh, delicious ingredients.
The wonderful paparazzi chefs make everything fresh every day.
And make it from scratch when you order it.
The pizza, the pasta, even the focaccia.
In Italy, food is a passion.
Paparazzi, behind every delicious meal, is a terrific chef.
Check out the mouth-watering additions to paparazzi dreams.
There's paparazzi in your view, including.
You've heard of holistic medicine and you've heard of traditional medicine.
Well, at the Marino Center for Progressive Health in Cambridge, a state licensed clinic, they offer the best of both medicines.
Doctors evaluate and treat adult illnesses just as any medical center would.
but they go far beyond this to really make a difference in people's lives.
They offer lifestyle evaluations, nutritional and fitness training, body-body evaluations, a specialized men's clinic, and general health education to prevent you from getting sick.
If you are sick, a multidisciplinary team experienced in fields ranging from internal medicine to vitamin therapy to acupuncture works together to treat the whole patient.
The Merino Center for Progressive Health offers free information on many health topics and a health store where you can purchase everything from books to quality vitamins.
You deserve the best.
Come to the Merino Center for Progressive Health at 2500 MacTab in Cambridge.
Call 661-6225.
And be sure to use your WCRB classical adventure at the Marine Center for Progressive Health for relaxing three half hours on their state-of-the-art breath reduction.
It's 25 to 41.
The weather is going to be kicking up, I guess, beginning tomorrow, somewhat tonight, from rain.
But until then, it's falling and dribble.
North part of mice about 6 to 59.
Dr. George Schulte was the conductor who was studying with Marcel and Kodai.
And here he is now leading the Chicago Symphony Orchestra to our heavy dish here today in depth at 102.5, the Eggman Overture of Basel.
Come on.
No.
Oh, my God.
Oh, God.
Oh, no.
Oh, my God.
Let's go.
Let her see.
Oh, boy.
THE END
Music for our gift is drama.
The Exxon Overture by Beethoven from Cafe 102.5 on WCRB, Chicago Symphony, and Sir George Shulkin.
Here's some music that will cut right through the fog and grip over the harpsichord concerto No.
4 by Bach with Andra Schiff, joined by the Chamber Orchestra of Europe.
Cafe 102.5 from WCRB.
THE END
Oh, my God.
Let's go.
THE END
Thank you.
Oh, my God.
THE END
Oh, boy.
Oh, no.
THE END
The End
.
THE END
The End
Thank you.
Oh, my God.
Andra Schiff, joined by the Chamber Orchestra of Europe this afternoon from Cafe 102.5 on WCRB, Waltham, Boston.
And our Internet website is www.wcrb.com slash wcrb.
That was the harpsichord concerto number four by Bach.
It's about three before one and coming up.
Tchaikovsky's first forecast from the masterpiece.
The ballots are being counted, and soon we'll be playing back the top 40 classics you voted for.
The countdown officially begins Friday night at 7 and goes all weekend.
We'll announce prize winners like subscriptions to Indian Hill Symphony's concert series, Dinners at Paparazzi, and more.
And Sunday, from 1 to 4, Ray Brown and Mary Ann Nichols will broadcast the top 40 finales live from Tweeter on Eden Street in Newton, with free refreshments like Green Mountain Coffee and Door Prizes.
Bronx will announce a grand prize trip for two to Italy, courtesy of Alitalia and Italia Tours, and a getaway weekend at Snuggler's Knox, Vermont.
It's Boston's biggest classical music event.
Top 40 weekend on 102.5 WCRB.
Sunday night at 9 on GBH Channel 2, an all-new crime suspect.
I want to talk to Tennyson.
When a young girl is taken from her mother's London loan, investigators try to narrow down the suspects.
Forensics are a nice man.
Fingerprints have fibers galore.
So we have to proceed on the assumption that Vicky Warren was abducted for nurture or abuse.
And Superintendent Jane Tennyson becomes involved in a grittling drama of sexual abuse.
Child pornography and murder.
You used to be a member of the paedophile information exchange.
What would the going rate be for a 14-month-old child?
Tonight, award-winning actress Helen Mirren returns in an all-new prime suspect.
You know as well as I do this kid before.
No, no, I do not know that.
A two-hour special presentation on Masterpiece Theatre.
We'll get who ever did this, I promise you.
Prime Suspect, The Lost Child.
Sunday night at 9 on GBH Channel 2.
Hey, Pete Cronin, what brings you to welding?
Oh, hi, Kevin.
I heard an ad on the radio about footstock, and my feet are killing me.
I guess all those years in the NFL have taken a toll on your feet.
Yeah, they sure have, and I've been so frustrated trying to find shoes that fit my feet and my lifestyle.
I know what you mean, but since my family and I discovered footstock, we've had total comfort.
I have heard that the people at footstock are really knowledgeable and will work with me until they get the right fit.
Yeah, they still measure my feet every time I come in.
They really do care.
Do you have any insights as to what brand I should try?
Well, all of their shoes are the finest Europe has to offer.
They carry Mephisto, Zita, Teresia, Birkenstock, Arsch, Echo, and more.
Ah, so that's why they say a little bit of Europe in my own backyard.
Thanks a lot for the insight, Kevin.
Is there anything I can do for you?
How about, uh, Super Bowl tickets?
What?
Well, Footstock in Wellesley Center and Concord Center.
Bring your slightly used shoes or sneakers to Footstock and they'll donate them to Friends and Boston Homeless Center for you.
Footstock, a little bit of Europe in your own backyard.
When you lease a new GM car or truck with Smart Lease by GMAC, you can get monthly payments that are typically 30% lower than if you buy it with a bank auto loan.
To demonstrate the difference 30% can make, we'll make my voice 30% lower.
Now it's 30% higher.
Quite a difference, huh?
For details about Smart Lease, call 1-800-32-SMART based on a bank rate monitor survey comparing contracts with similar length.
Okay, I'd like to hear your voice back.
Hello?
Help me!
Once again, the lunchroom here at WCRB.
It's 59 degrees, and here's Tchaikovsky's Romeo and Juliet fantasy overture from 102.5 WCRB.
This was his first orchestral masterpiece, 1869, and if the opening sounds a little on the reverend side, well, it should be.
It's sort of a picture of Friar Lawrence.
Here's the Royal Philharmonic in Vladimir Ashkenazi at 102.5 WCRB.
Jesus Christ, you asshole.